(On January 8. 2004. there was a disappearance)
(A woman whose online name was "Hasumi")
(Based on anonymous discussion in the forum "2 Channel")
(This work has been adapted from the actual published content)
Title: Kisaragi Station
("Kisaragi Station." a modern-day spirit station)
(The door is about to close. All passengers please pay attention)
(Shin Hamamatsu Station)
(Hayama)
- Think about the next part
- OK
-See you later
-Bye
Are you here for an interview?
Please come in
Excuse me
(Hibayama Disappearance)
(Girl's Disappearance in May)
(Soshi-Cho Case Witness)
(Will Mystery Information Affect the Case?)
(Sudden Disappearance at Sanki Pass)
Sorry for keeping you waiting
Nice to meet you. I'm Haruna Tsutsumi
I'm Sumiko Hayama
I said in the message
you didn't need to bring anything...
Thank you very much for taking time out of your busy schedule to accept the interview today
Rin. quickly leave the room
OK
Please sit down
Thank you
Is that your daughter?
No it's my niece
There is a private high school near here
I helped my brother by taking care
of her while she was in school
You guys have such a good relationship
Miss Tsutsumi. you are a college student. right?
Yes. I major in Ethnology (Anthropology)
My graduation thesis is on "Mysterious Disappearances"
Because I always feel it has a kind of deja vu feeling
That's why you want to visit me?
I want to write new content that no one has seen
There are many people like you
But a lot of people are not serious
and don't believe me at all
But. I...
No problem. we sent so many messages
to each other
Miss Tsutsumi. you are someone
I can trust
Ms Hayama
I hope you tell me
about January 8. 2004
You went to another world
(I got off work very late that day)
(Took the last train home)
(August 23. 2004. 11:40pm)
(I asked my brother to pick me up
at Saginomiya Station)
(The Enshu Railway should have
no tunnels)
(But the train suddenly entered
a tunnel)
[no signal]
(then...)
(I don't know what happened)
(I noticed...)
(...the train going to some place)
(There was a salaryman in the train)
(along with three young men and women)
(and a high school girl...
all five are sleeping)
(The curtains on the operator's room were closed. so you can't see inside)
Hey. wake up. you are a Sea Beach High School student. right?
Hey! Wake up!
Excuse me
Huh?
Where is this?
I over-slept
Daisuke. where is this place? Hurry and check!
No signal?
(Everyone woke up confused
by the situation)
(then the train arrived at a station)
We arrived
What are you doing?
Where is this?
Ah. the door is opening
(Kisaragi Station)
Kisaragi Station…
Did you get out of the train then?
Everyone just thought it was a sitting station
but…
I've never heard of that name
[No signal]
Still not working...
Where is this?
Where is Kisaragi? Never heard of it
You should wake me up
Sorry
Wait. can't we go back?
Hey. is there no train?
I'm asking you
I do not know
Useless
Well. do you know where the toilet is?
I don't know…
Isn't this weird?
How are you doing?
Well. I was supposed to get off at Saginomiya
Is there a train I can take back?
Sorry i don't know either
what happened?
That wall...
Huh? Wall?
Seems like nothing special...
Sorry. it must be my imagination
Looking at your uniform. you must be from
Sea Beach High School. right?
Do you know me?
I don't know.
I am a teacher at that school
Huh? Is that right?
I've only been there for a year
Some students don't know me
Excuse me
My name is Sumiko Hayama
I'm the head teacher of Class 1. Please to meet you.
I am Asuka Miyazaki in Class 3
Hey
If the train comes. wake me up
Excuse me
Hey!
Did you order me around just now?
Are you ordering me?
i am not ordering you
What do you mean?
Maybe a train will come
Better to wait at the station...
Let's go. I'm thirsty
Are you OK?
Sorry
Later. I also left the station with that Miyazaki student
Looking for other means of transportation
But there are only houses near the station
But those houses...
It feels like no one lives in any of them
Excuse me. is anyone there?
Excuse me!
Teacher. there is no one here
Don't you think it's weird? No one at all
Let's look again
Come on. Miki!
Get out of the way
Shota. wait for me...!
Teacher. are you okay?
I'm fine
I don't know what's wrong. We should go back
What is that? What is it. damn it!
Daisuke...
Really. it's noisy
Excuse me... what's wrong...
Don't know. but Daisuke...
I want to go home.. I want to go home
Let's go
Hey... where are you going?
Walking to the next station
Don't be stupid. just wait here...
How can I stay in this kind of place!
Hey you... please explain
Where is your friend?
What's that?
That's Daisuke's voice
I'm done here!
Let's go
So stupid
Better not stay here too long
We are leaving too
Do you believe what those people say?
There's no one around here
Obviously there are so many houses
Don't you think it's weird?
Let's go
Wait... Are you really leaving?
Do you really want to go?
(then we walked for hours)
Wait!
What are you doing?
Please tell me what happened?
You won't believe me if I tell you
Say it!
We can't figure it out
We were looking for a convenience store
But Daisuke suddenly told us to go back quickly
That guy never orders me around
I was so upset. I pushed him around
and left him there
Then. Daisuke suddenly yelled for help. I was very scared
No way. he turned into something like that
Turned into what?
He's covered in what looks like blood vessels
I don't know. we just wanted to escape
It's Daisuke... Shota. what should I do?
-How should I know!
-You take it!
Why should I answer your phone?
(Calling. Daisuke)
Hey? Mr. Daisuke. are you okay? Daisuke?
Daisuke...
What is going on?
I heard a sound like some festival
just to tell you
Listen. that sound
Taiko drum?
Does anyone live out here?
Shota. this...
When Daisuke was attacked. this taiko...
Go!
Run
Wait. why? Maybe we can ask for help
What... What is going on?
-Wait... wait...
-Run away... let's go!
I can't do it. Shota. take a break
If I keep running. I'll be exhausted
Hey. stand up!
Otherwise. you go first
This…
Are you afraid of going alone?
What…
Let's rest together
What are you so arrogant about!
Stop that
Who are you ordering around? Goddamn
Stop
I said don't order me around
Hey!
It's too dangerous to walk on the rails
What? Where are they?
Shota. there
Hello!
It's too dangerous to walk on the rails!
Some guy
Hey!
It's too dangerous to walk on the rails!
Who is this guy?
-He disappeared
-Disappeared. where did he go?
Hey…
-It's too dangerous to walk on the rails
-What's the matter?
Help me
-Let me go!
-Daisuke...
-Let me go
-Save me
Stay away
-Daisuke. let go!
-Help me…
Shota...help me...
Shota...
Miki?
Daisuke...
You guys want to leave me alone here. right?
No I just...
I got a...
...way to survive here
Just offer a living sacrifice
That way. you won't be able to hear that sound for a while. right?
What are you saying? How is that possible?
OK. so who do we pick next?
Teacher... let's go
You go first!
Teacher!
I…
Bring it on!
very good
It's you first!
Teacher!
Go now
I can't spare you!
Teacher. hurry up
Teacher. ahead
Tunnel?
Isakinu Tunnel?
(Isakinu Tunnel)
Let's go
Teacher!
Teacher! Are you all right?
-You go first. I'm fine
-But...
Go!
Stop…!
I can't spare you...!
You don't have to be a living sacrifice
anymore. I'm going to kill you!
Teacher. are you okay?
Miyazaki-san... how do you...
Miyazaki-san!
If you want to die first.
I will fulfill your wish. die!
Stop!
Teacher... let's go
Teacher…
Why did you run back?
My mom always said. not to go
against my conscience
So then...
The kid could have just run away.
But she...
So I…
I swore in my heart to return
to this world...                                                                                                                                                         e must return to the original world with that child
...with that child
But…
Are you all right?
You're badly hurt
Do you want to take my car?
May I ask where is...?
This is Hina
Hina?
The nearby hospital is nearby
Then please
Please
I'll drive fast. it's on this road
Don't worry. it's all right
Wake up...
It hurts! Help. let me go!
Let me go!
Let's go!
Teacher!
Are you all right? Hurry up
I can not make it
How come? Stay strong. don't give up!
Teacher!
We must go back to the real world
Teacher. over there
Let's go
The sound of the taiko drum is from here
There
Door?
Maybe from there you can go back to the real world?
I'll stop him. you go first
But teacher...
Hurry up!
Teacher! Run!
Miss Miyazaki!
Help me…
You better go first. leave this to me
But…
Never mind. let's go!
This way. teacher...
I'll go right away. you hurry up!
Hurry up!
Teacher…
Teacher!
What is this?
Teacher... run away...!
(After the student disappeared)
(I'm back in the real world)
(January 8. 2011 - 7 years later)
You only stayed at Kisaragi station for one night
In reality. seven years have passed
This kind of thing is simply unbelievable
I was hospitalized for a while
The doctor said I'm fine physically and mentally
I was able to go home
Later. I took the route several times
The train at 11:40pm
To save Miss Miyazaki?
But no matter what. I can't reach Kisaragi station
Naturally
If it was that easy. I could go to that world
I didn't know how many thousands or tens of
thousands of people passed by.
If it wasn't the kid. I would have walked
into that light first
Maybe she would be the one rescued.
It's all my fault for telling her to go first
Ms Hayama
Before you board the 11:40pm train
What did you do... in detail?
This should still work
Can it be used?
Then. let's look at the messages at the time
Found it
"Arrive at 10:30pm"
"Come and pick me up. please"
10:30pm?
The train you take is...
I remember it departed at 11:40.
"Sorry! I slept standing!"
Now I am thinking
I first took the 10:20 train
but I slept over
Then I took the train in the opposite direction.
As a result...
"I'm really sorry! I fell asleep again..."
You slept in the station again. and ended up back in Shin Hamamatsu station
Then I took the last train at 11:40
Excuse me. do you know about the "elevator to another world?"
(How to go to another world)
Like this. take the elevator alone
Take to the 4th floor first. then to the 2nd floor. then to the 6th floor
After several steps
To another world
Of course. this is just a baseless urban legend
That said. I've slept through the station twice...
Accidentally reached the stop to Kisaragi Station
Sorry that sounds so stupid
(How to go to another world)
One last question I want to ask
Are you still a teacher?
I don't have that qualification anymore
Can't even save important students
But…
The child's mother is still looking for her daughter
They are all old. and they are still posting missing person notices on the side of the road
My time. from that moment on. stopped
Goodbye
(Enshu Railway. Shin-Hamamatsu Station)
(I first took the train at 10:20)
(10:20pm to Nishi-Kajima)
（Thank you for taking the Entetsu train today）
(This train is bound for Nishi-Kajima)
(but I slept through the station)
(10:51pm)
(Then took the train in the opposite direction)
(11:02pm Going to Shin-Hamamatsu)
(...as a result)
(You slept again. but you returned to Shin-Hamamatsu)
(Thank you for riding the Entetsu train today)
(This train is bound for Shin-Hamamatsu)
(Arriving at Shin-Hamamatsu Station at 11:33pm)
(Afterward. I took the 11:40pm train)
(11:33pm Waiting at Shin-Hamamatsu)
(I slept on the station twice)
(11:40pm Last train bound for Nishi-Kajima)
(Accidentally reached the
stop to Kisaragi Station)
(Announcement) This train is the last train of today
(Announcement) Please do not miss this train
Huh?
This is...
(There is a man who looks like an office worker in the train)
(with three young men and women)
(and a high school girl. all five are sleeping)
(the curtains in the driver's room are closed)
Excuse me!
(cannot see inside)
I really came
Where is this
Sleep over
No signal?
What is this?
Daisuke. where is this place? Hurry and check
(Everyone wakes up and is confused by the situation)
(then the train arrives at a station)
Where is this
Ah. the door is opening
(Kisaragi Station)
Hey…
Huh? What is this?
How would I know? it's all his fault
Wait. where is this? What is
Kisaragi? I never heard of it
You should wake me up
Feel sorry
Wait. can't we go back?
Hello. is there no train?
Hello I'm asking you
The lines are all the same
Well. do you know where the toilet is?
That…
I do not know
You have to ask where is the toilet. right?
Huh? How do you know?
This is weird
How are you doing?
(How are you?)
I was supposed to get off at Saginomiya
Is there a train I can take back?
What was that just now?
This... I don't know
By the way. look at your uniform. you are from Sea Beach High School. right?
Right
Do you know Ms. Sumiko Hayama?
Class 1 head teacher
Teacher Hayama...
I don't really know
Huh? Right?
Right
It seems the memory has been reset
Hey
If the train comes. wake me up
Please
Hello!
Did you order me around just now?
Are you ordering me?
I am not ordering you around
What?
Maybe a train will come
Better to wait at the station...
…nothing
Let's go. i'm so thirsty
Come back!
Going outside you will be attacked
Attacked by what?
Something like a blood vessel...
Blood vessel?
This person is strange!
Anyway. better not to go
Don't touch me casually!
Really annoying
Miki. let's go
That... sorry
Are you okay?
You wait here
That sound...
Say it again and try it!
I... let's go back to the station
Who are you ordering? Goddamn
Goddamn. are you ordering me?
What did this guy do? she is really sick
What the hell are you doing?
Go back to the station for me!
Goddamn…
Come back to the station!
Hey. grab the knife back
Hurry up! Want to die?
What is this? Gross
Shota
Shota?
-Shota...
-Shota!
Come back to the station. everyone. hurry up!
-But Shota...
-Do you want to be like that too?
Let's go. Miki. let's go!
Help me
Wait... help me...
What the hell is that? What happened? Hateful
Really. it's noisy
I want to go home... I want to go home
Let's go
Hello... where are you going?
Next station
If you stay here. you will only be attacked
Don't be stupid. just wait here
I also need to go
Me too
Let's go
Hey…
Scared me
Shota...
Shota
Let's go
So stupid
Wait... Are you really leaving?
Hey... Wait... Huh?
Really? Huh?
Is it OK to leave him alone?
It's OK. he's not dead yet
That…
My name is Miyazaki Asuka
Excuse me…
Me?
My name is Haruna Tsutsumi
Has Miss Tsutsumi ever been here?
Huh?
Because you are familiar with
No. I'm here for the first time. I just heard about it
You don't even know what's ahead. do you?
Well...but because the situation is different
I am also not certain
Huh? Can't be
what happened?
It's Shota! he is alive!
Ah. don't answer the phone...
Hey? Shota? Is it Shota?
What happened to Daisuke?
I don't know…
Shota!
How is this going?
Really
OK let's go
Wait. why are you so calm?
Huh?
Um. can you hurry up if you want to come?
Next we have to run
In the end. the guy still came
Why do you seem to be more drunk than before?
He must have had that drink
I messed up
This is…
This taiko...
Hurry up. run!
That is the sound of some festival...
Stop talking about this!
Can't wait any longer. let's go!
But…
You didn't see it with your own eyes. that's why you said that
Daisuke. let's go
Let's go
So... what will happen to that person?
this...
My mother always said not to go against your conscience
Sir!
-Wait...
-Hurry up
-Come here
-Wait
Even if you tell me to hurry up...
Hurry up
Are you OK?
This... how is this?
Ah...much more comfortable
Let's go
Start running
-Come on
-No way I just vomited
How has it been since just now? What are you kidding?
It's coming
Hey!
It's too dangerous to walk on the rails!
-What happened?
-Someone...
Hey!
It's too dangerous to walk on the rails!
Run!
Never mind. run!
Why? Can you ask him to help us?
Please run!
Don't push me. I told you not to push!
Hey…
-It's too dangerous to walk on the rails!
-What... how... what the hell!
What happened?
Run... hurry up! Run!
Run away!
Miki...
Shota?
What are you doing? The old man is coming!
You are killing him!
This monster is not your boyfriend
Shota?
Let's go
Could she be... some hero?
Luckily it's not me
Isakinu Tunnel?
Want to go in?
Is there something wrong with this weird place?
No. actually something happened here too
Due to infighting
Internal fighting at such a time?
That's too bad
I hate that kind of person the most
That's it
Miss Tsutsumi
Thank you. without you...
No. I just happen to have relevant knowledge
You could have gotten out of trouble alone
After all. I have heard the story. but I still can't help it...
Story?
Anyway. someone is waiting for you
So...
We must return to the real world
OK
Hey look
It's an exit!
Ray of hope...
Let's go
God. it's so bright! Are we saved?
Now you can go home...
So bright
What's wrong?
Nothing. let's go
So bright!
Coming
Wait. there is a car! Hello. there is a car!
Are you all right?
Excuse me. can you drive us?
No problem
Excuse me
Having said that. where is it?
this is Hina
Hina?
Anyway. I'll drive you to the nearest station first
That would be great
But sorry
You are a bit too many...
There is one person who can't go along
It's OK if everyone squeezes
Please spare me. the police will charge me if they catch me
But…
Then I...
I will stay
Everyone get in the car!
No... I don't want Daisuke to not go!
Miki
Please take us all
I just said no
Then i can go to the trunk
It's not like if you don't get caught. you'll be fine.
Well. I want to make sure first
Can any of us drive?
I will
Very good
Get in the car!
Just say no!
You kill?
ok let's go
But…
Don't get me wrong. this guy is also the same
How come…
Wait. no!
This guy is really that!
Anyway. get in the car. hurry up
Get in the car. please drive fast. leave it alone!
Believe me. that guy is really bad
Hey
We've been driving for a long time. is this the right way?
Probably. someone said go straight
Then what's ahead?
There seems to be a shrine
There's a door that glows
It seems that I can return to the real world
The real world...
Huh? It's that guy
Drive fast. fast!
Damn. I can't move!
Hurry up!
Run everyone
Wait a moment!
Stupid!
Run away!
That is…
Is someone there to help us?
Miss Tsutsumi. is that house...?
I don't know. I haven't heard of that
Let's go
Wait
What should we do?
Let's go. maybe there's something that can be used as a weapon
I'll go to the second floor to have a look
Daisuke?
Shota!
Miki. wait!
Shota
It's too late
Miki!
Let's go
That is the exit door
Really?
What happened? Let's go over there!
If it wasn't for that student
I would have been the one
who walked into the light first
Miss Tsutsumi. run...
If I walked into that light first...
Maybe she would be the one rescued
Hurry up!
Let's go...
Teacher!
I'll stop him. you go first
You better go first. leave this to me!
You better go first. leave this to me
But…
Never mind. let's go!
In that case Miss Tsutsumi...
I'll go right away. you hurry up!
Teacher! Teacher!
Miss Tsutsumi. hurry up!
Hurry up!
What happened?
Miss Tsutsumi. hurry up. hurry up!
Why?
You at that time
I was worried about you about getting hurt
So you told me to go first
So I…
Passed through the glowing door before you
Just like you now
That…
May I ask who are you?
Right. we'll I figured it out later
Able to return to the real world
Only the person who first passed through the door
Welcome back
(Thank you)
(You have come in handy)
English subtitle by Earless Hoichi